docs: Provide guidance around using private NuGet feeds with Azure DevOps (#17917)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/nuget.md

}
```

> When using Azure DevOps, you can use `pkgs.dev.azure.com` as host name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Azure DevOps, you can use `pkgs.dev.azure.com` as `matchHost` value.
```

Is this what you meant?

Author: Correct - Didn't want to use the config name but that's fine for me
